[Music]
triangle I'm sorry quite a problem is a
good example and they're back
Sammis only you get so probably a hard
enough if I saw for the B we don't need
never that is the beauty of advanced the
transposition of ideas on one front
elephant in a truss centuries or cross
so these are the gun now now how does it
help you think I tell you all the
bridges were to come strong it is truth
okay is the tactless
want a so we gotta prove the entities by
contradiction
we might polish this in the strip there
is a picture strip here one critical
mile to the half and you assume there is
ZERO not using this yellow cross the
zero should be there and though our
training team is there is good argument
now I believe the prediction is wrong
for that
there that will distribute a certified
partition and the sample versus whose
are that kind so you go ahead I can get
back together so what do you do now you
use this function G now this one feels
nice function
okay so you think your function T to
establish an early in a compact set give
away free points of action in access and
is watching the variable so the cross
yellow cross becomes the origin okay
contain the variable and then easily
rectangle is draw in physical strength
yes slightly wavy edges is convex set
and so by this time you change this to
change yellow point to be too small to
zero examine it carefully and you find
this function you get that stress is too
expensive to be easily to very simple
where did you come from
well the two comes from how do you
believe in l2 if you took LP they
obviously which we won so you get the
whole thing if you get a nonzero number
bigger than 1 and then we'll get to
function like that which is actually 5
the origin very sexy quadratic
polynomial
credit to be tuned leads me to an event
in the origin so in other words
functionality g20 in 2000 go back we
change the variable F to Caesar is an
arrest virus for transformation so 1 0
Kelvin see a contradiction in the truth
QED